Add mid-cycle 1.30 blog article (#45411)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2024-03-12-mid-cycle-1.30.md

Containers (and their parent pods)  do not have access to swap beyond their memory limit, but the
system can still use the swap space if available.

Kubernetes' Node special interest group (SIG Node) will also update the documentation to help you
understand how to use the revised implementation, based on feedback from end users, contributors,
and the wider Kubernetes community.

Read the previous [blog post](/blog/2023/08/24/swap-linux-beta/) or the [node swap
documentation](/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#swap-memory) for more details on 
Linux node swap support in Kubernetes.

### Support user namespaces in pods ([KEP-127](https://kep.k8s.io/127))

[User namespaces](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces) is a Linux-only feature that better
isolates pods to prevent or mitigate several CVEs rated high/critical, including the just-published
[CVE-2024-21626](https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/security/advisories/GHSA-xr7r-f8xq-vfvv). In
Kubernetes 1.30, support for user namespaces is migrating to beta, and now supports pods with and
without volumes, custom UID/GID ranges and more!

### Structured authorization configuration ([KEP-3221](https://kep.k8s.io/3221))

> The Structured Authorization Configuration feature is moving to beta and will be enabled by default.
> This
> [feature](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/3221-structured-authorization-configuration)

Reviewer: How I'd write it:
```suggestion
Support for [structured authorization configuration](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authorization/#configuring-the-api-server-using-an-authorization-config-file).
) is moving to beta, and will be enabled by default.
This feature
```

webhooks, helping you to prevent unnecessary invocations. The API server also automatically reloads
the authorizer chain when the configuration file is modified.

You must specify the path to that authorization configuration using the `--authorization-config`
command line argument. If you want to keep using command line flags instead of a
configuration file, those will continue to work as-is. To gain access to new authorization webhook
capabilities like multiple webhooks, failure policy, and pre-filter rules, switch to putting options
in an `--authorization-config` file. From Kubernetes 1.30, the configuration file format is
beta-level, and only requires specifying `--authorization-config` since the feature gate is enabled by
default. An example configuration with all possible values is provided in the [Authorization
docs](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authorization/#configuring-the-api-server-using-an-authorization-config-file).
For more details, read the [Authorization
docs](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authorization/#configuring-the-api-server-using-an-authorization-config-file).

### Container resource based pod autoscaling ([KEP-1610](https://kep.k8s.io/1610))

> HPA ContainerResource type metric graduates to stable in v1.30. It allows you to configure
> Autoscaling based on resource usage of individual containers. See [our previous
> blog](/blog/2023/05/02/hpa-container-resource-metric/) for further details.

Reviewer: I'd write:
```suggestion
Horizontal pod autoscaling based on `ContainerResource` metrics will graduate to stable in v1.30.
This new behavior for HorizontalPodAutoscaler allows you to configure automatic scaling based
the resource usage for individual containers, rather than the aggregate resource use over a Pod.
See our [previous article](2023/05/02/hpa-container-resource-metric/) for further details, or
read [container resource metrics](/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale/#container-resource-metrics).
```

Because it's already documented, albeit not very well, I recommend linking to those docs.
